studyvideo

In this episode we are going to plg in the final interactor.
So we need to be able to identify the specific counter that we are going to vote for.
At the moment there is no real Id for the counter and a Name is not a good identifier.
So what we need to do is ad an Id and to do this we are going to change some of the tests
we have created for the Counter Manager. 

gacp "Begin Test that ensure Counter has an Id"

studyvideo

gacp "Implement changes to ensure that the Id works as we want for the CounterStatistics"

studyvideo

So we have added to the Razor page a way of displaying the counter and a way of inputting 
via a form and we are going to add a button to our CounterManager. 

gacp "Begin making Poll page make use of the different properties of the counter statistics"

Like we have already done we need to implement an OnPost for sending data to the database.
This is done via the VotingInteractor and an OnPost method. We are going to just "Mock" some
data and use debug to make sure that a Vote is supplied to the interactor.Vote. 
This is just done at this stage because we don't have a concept of a Vote in our system 
quite yet. We also ensure that the form is instantiated with the form method post.  

gacp "Create OnPost that makes use of the VotingInteractor that we have created."

So at the momemnt the button for OnPost doesn't do anything and we are trying to fix that. 
To do that we are going to change the Method GetPoll that retrieves the Poll from the 
database. 

gacp "Make test fail that retrieves the poll from the database"

gacp "Make test pass that retrieves the poll from the database"

So the voting works on the page pretty well except that it only works once in a way.
As in the button click is only working once at a time and this isn't good. So how do we 
change that? 

gacp "Clicking Vote Button now partially works"

One task that we could do to fix the system is create a test that allows us to vote more 
that once on each counter within the poll. 

We now focus on the user experience.

13:28
