We begin creating the next class we are goin to use which brings everything together. 
This thing we are going to create is called the StatisticsInteractor.

gacp "Begin Episode11 create StatitcsInteractor class" 

So we are now going to begin by creating our first test. This is going to be like a god test
that will bring together everything in our program into one place. So that is the next 
step. We are going to make use of a voting Poll so we need to find the place wheere we have
used that in a test and bring it to the current test. Code reuse.

gacp "We know that when we display the statistics we are going to make use of a Voting Poll" 

studyvideo

So we are now going to mock the persistance layer as we are going to be using it to 
retrieve the data that is going to be displayed by the interactor. We've also just realised
that the class we initially created's name is wrong so that needs fixing. 

So I'm trying to implement this myself.
We have a counter manager that actually has a GetStatistics function so I wonder if 
I'll be making use of that... I think most likely yes.
The Counter Manager has two methods

GetStatistics: 
	which assigns a Percentage to counter that is supplied and then returns 
	that counter.

ResolveExcess: 
	which tkaes a set of counters and performs some logic to ensure that each of the counters
	supplied that have a percentage that makes sense, so that all the percentages add up to
	some value that actually makes sense.

Looking at the other interactor tests I think it is highly likely that the _mockPersistance
is going to be injected into the new interactor for what ever reason so I'm going to do that.

I suppose what we are trying to do is to save a voting poll to the database using the persistance 
object. And then we want to retrieve that voting poll from the database and get its statitistcs.
Something like that.

studyvideo

so we are wnating to get some statistics back from our test so we are creating a method for
the interactor which is called GetStatistics and we are going to use it to retrieve the 
pollStatistics.